---
title: Week 44 In the Year of our Lord, 2025
description: Weeknotes for the 44th Week of the year 2025
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# Lapses of well, Everything

-   I have spent most of these last couple of days being reminded relentlessly of todos I have been accumulating. Perhaps it is high time to get my life in order and try to sort out this high fence.

-   Perhaps the only silver lining this week has been has been a journey to Underline Center to meet [Indie Web Club](https://blr.indiewebclub.org) folks. I have learnt greatly about digital gardens, and am willing to try out something of my own, the proverbial seed for which was sown in [another post inspired at the venue](/posts/chains/torricelli-venice).

-   I have been popularising my — rather inclusive — rendition of Aamir Khan's line:

> <span lang="hi">“ज़िंदगी में तीन चीज़ों के पीछे नहीं भागना चाहिए...”</span>

As introduced in my [first ever weeknote](/posts/weeknotes/2025-40.md). It has led to quite a few fun encounters.

-   In a bizarre lapse of memory, I happened to pay twice for the same ticket, perhaps this is just age or stress. Who knows?

-   It is promotions season where I work, there is the usual constant background thrum of ambitions, strings being wound, dreams being made, and the clacks and clankers of promotional reviews being written, or well typed in this case. I have long since relegated myself to the Mahabharata philosophy of doing things

> <span lang="hi">कर्मण्येवाधिकारस्ते मा फलेषु कदाचन। मा कर्मफलहेतुर्भूर्मा ते सङ्गोऽस्त्वकर्मणि॥</span>

The TL;DR of which I am told is keep your head down, do your job, and results will follow. I can certainly agree on the keep your head down part, so long as it also means I get to stay far far away from the already ample troubles of office work.

-   I have gotten Diwali <span lang="hi">नमकीन</span> or savouries to those yet un-introduced to this gem of human ingenuity from my home. Finally, after tremendous wait!

-   Bangalore, the city where I currently reside is back to it's usual self, god bless, truly!
