---
title: Week 45 In the Year of our Lord, 2025
description: Weeknotes for the 45th Week of the year 2025
published: Sun, 16 Nov 2025 10:00:00 +0530
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# The World is Healing

-   For the first time in a long long time, nobody has tried to sell me on LLMs.

-   I saw a meme about some guy's brother learning unity to code a game, and felt like the world was indeed clearing and healing.

-   I have come to embrace LLMs more and more as a tool, fortunately nobody is advertising them as a panacea anymore which is just delight. I have discovered that LLMs excel at pattern recognition, and can very quickly help grok code and logs, something rather handy in my line of work.

-   Their ability to do pattern recognition also comes in handy when refactoring. It is now much more convenient to be a helmsman, laying down a lot of the higher level pieces, while an LLM does all the grunt work for you.

-   I finished reading <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/32276.The_Dragons_of_Eden">Dragon's of Eden</a> by Carl Sagan. A phenomenal book for it's time. While it might be out of date, it has profound insight on the nature of intelligence, and perhaps to the flaws of anthropocentrism. More relevant today now that we have large language models at our disposal.

-   I have also picked up Rick Riordan's book <a href="https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/57094644-daughter-of-the-deep">Daughter of the Deep</a>. Oh how I have missed this casual way of writing since Percy Jackson. Daughter of the Deep has so far proven to be just as endearing as any other work of the Percy Jackson universe.

-   I have found my appetite for gaming severely diminished, for reasons I am not sure of yet, I bought a PS5 some time ago, but now it sits not all too different from a rock on a table. A shiny plastic rock, but a rock nonetheless.

-   The Witcher S04, and Mindhunters were two series I watched this week, both of them splendid by all accounts.
