---
title: Week 13 In the Year of our Lord, 2026 - Japan
description: Weeknotes for the 13rd Week of the year 2026
published: Sun, 05 Apr 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-04-05T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# Japan

- Embarked, and returned from a trip to Japan. Got a glimpse of what makes Japan a world leader in, well several areas.
- Was impressed by the Japanese train system. Researching further led me to find out that the system of lines and frequencies is called the [clock face scheduling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clock-face_scheduling), and I very much want that back home.
- I am impressed by Kyoto's old capital charm which is so at ease with modernity, people in Kimonos riding metros, and on their ways to Temples and other chores of the day. Kyoto also has a beautiful riverfront which is a very charming place to relax on a walk heavy journey.
- Being a vegan person in Japan is also a miniature adventure as I was forced to explore nooks and crannies in pursuit of food. Some of my explorations have proven to be quite the journeys in themselves.
- My journey also took me to [Matsushima](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matsushima) in the North oj Japan. Which is a beautiful bay strewn with pine islands, unfortunately the gloomy day played spoilsport but I got a fantastic journey out of it.
- I also managed to host my [Travelling Salesman Project](https://tsp-genetic-algorithm.pages.dev) onto a static URL with some presentable CSS. I will probably look to hosting more sites in the future.
- I have decided that Hong Kong airport and the surrounding city is despicable. Who in their right mind makes gates up to 500 and beyond. The HK airport staff is insane.
