---
title: Week 15 In the Year of our Lord, 2026 - Hot, Hot, Hot!
description: Weeknotes for the 15th Week of the year 2026
published: Sun, 19 Apr 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-04-19T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# Hot, Hot, Hot!

- Temperature swings take a toll, while markets crawl up every day, and I suffer food poisoning.

## Highlights

- In weather advisories, peninsular India seems to be in the grips of a severe heatwave. The otherwise quaint and humid weather of Bengaluru has turned into a heat trap that is currently hotter than the traditionally arid wastelands of North India. The heat is severe enough to have forced me to using sunscreen whose utility in blocking UV rays is something I discovered when I used and now swear by.
- Thanks to YouTube recommendations, I have discovered a beautiful and my first anime: [The Apothecary Diaries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Apothecary_Diaries). It follows the story of an apothecary (food/poison taster) as she navigates courtly intrigues at the women's palace in a fictional China inspired country.

## A Cautionary Tale

- As a note of caution to anyone reading this, I suffered some days of food poisoning after ordering some food from California Burrito in HSR Layout, so please be careful when ordering from places.

## Money Saver?

- Markets have been largely up for some days, this means that my semi-regular top ups have stopped since they only happen as a slightly jocular ritual on markets being down. Unfortunately (or fortunately) Indian stock markets seem to have bottomed out, thus no more top ups for a while.
