---
title: Week 17 In the Year of our Lord, 2026 - "Fan"tastic
description: I buy a fan that cools the whole city.
published: Sun, 03 May 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-05-03T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

## Summer Warning

- The subcontinent of India has become a humid oven. Boxed in by the Himalayas, and baking under intense summer warm air has nowhere to escape, thus it seems is rather insistent on making life in this Subcontinent miserable for creatures of all kind.
- Temperatures in my hometown of Nagpur have already crossed levels which only existed in late May June, and it is barely end of April yet.
- I am really grateful I have been able to install Air Conditioning in the nick of time at my hometown, at least it is bearable there.

## The Unusual Heat of Bengaluru
- The city once famed for its garden weather seems to be experiencing an unusually harsh summer. Temperatures seem to flirt with the 40C mark every day and UV index scorches the ground.
- To be honest, this has been a while coming. Greenery seems to be the first casualty of metro construction in India, followed by the climate, and since Bengaluru Metro has picked up steam. I expect the weather to quite literally follow.
- I have succumbed to the heat, and bought a pedestal fan for relief. It has so far, by all accounts been a godsend. May god bless pedestal fans.
- Of course, two days after I bought the fans Bangalore experienced a one-of-its kind hail event. I can thus now make the joke:
- > <p>Fan <span lang="hi">ऐसा लाओ की पुरे शहर में बरसात हो जाए</span></p>
- In a more serious tone, 7 people lost their lives to the freak event. RIP.

## Experiments
- I was able to find some time to work with the library, [@chenglou/pretext](https://github.com/chenglou/pretext) the results of those experiments are documented in a [blog post](/posts/longforms/pretext-experiments/) on this website.

## Upcoming Projects
- I am thinking of adding a guestbook to my website, it is the first time I would be having something with a server side component to it. I am a bit nervous since I have heard some horror stories, but we will see.
- I think I will also add a bookshelf page to this website.
- Adding more badges obviously.
